Update ways_of_working.md - shifting membership (#3276)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: ways_of_working.md

| Sarah Gibson <br>([@sgibson91](https://github.com/sgibson91)) | Open Source Infrastructure Engineer, 2i2c & JupyterHub Community Development | in-kind contribution, The Turing Way Infrastructure Maintainers Co-lead | 2019 - Present | Prevously: Research Data Scientist, Nov 2018 - Aug 2021 (40%) |
| Callum Mole <br>([callummole](https://github.com/callummole)) | Research Data Scientist, The Alan Turing Institute | Turing Binder Federation Membership - Project Contact | 2021 - Present | - |
| Luke Hare <br>([lukehare](https://github.com/lukehare)) | Research Data Scientist, The Alan Turing Institute | Turing Binder Administrator | 2021 - Present | - |

> |  Batool Almarzouq <br>([BatoolMM](https://github.com/BatoolMM)) | Postdoctoral Researcher, KAIMRC and Honorary Research Fellow, The University of Liverpool  | The Turing Way Translation and Localisation Co-Lead | 2020 - Present | - |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  Batool Almarzouq <br>([BatoolMM](https://github.com/BatoolMM)) | The Alan Turing Institute, The University of Liverpool  | The Turing Way Translation and Localisation Co-Lead | 2020 - Present | - |
```

> | Alejandro Coca Castro <br>([acocac](https://github.com/acocac)) | Postdoctoral Research Associate, The Alan Turing Institute | The Turing Way Translation and Localisation Co-Lead | 2021 - Present | - |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Alejandro Coca Castro <br>([acocac](https://github.com/acocac)) | Research Fellow, The Alan Turing Institute | Environment & Sustainability Co-Lead | 2023 - Present | Previously: The Turing Way Translation and Localisation Co-Lead, 2021 - 2023 (in-kind contribution) |
```
